Finacial Aid
1. I am a Nigerian and I graduated since 2016 but I unemployed due to the terrible structure of my country. I have a strong passion for the Information technology world and I am always eager to learn and develop myself. I want to be good enough to be employable and also be an employer of labour in no distant time.
I learnt a lot of theory in school without access to proper materials for learning and practicals, I only depended on handouts of lecturers. I have actually learnt more from Coursera than I did in my entire years in college.
Education in my country is substandard, the few institution that offer quality education is only for the few rich and those in the political class, so it is almost impossible for an average citizen to get high quality education. That is why people like depend on MOOC to have a certain level of education and be able to complete at all fronts. 
The need to learn at the global standard and the best practices globally is another major reason for the application. If there is no financial aid there is no way the poor will have access to the best learning and proper self development.

2. Python is a programming language for the current and next generation. It's an AI programming language and AI is the future. The competition in the tech world is mind blowing and things change quickly. Upgrading my knowledge about the technological trends will help me stay at the top of my game. I also have ideas I need to work on that this course is invaluable to achieve it. There are new technologies everyday and systems are becoming sophisticated and more intelligent and there is this huge advancements in technology. They are mostly made possible by these AI programming languages. Learning Python will set me on the path of being part of this huge technological revolution as well as prepare me for being able to work in any part of the world, collaborate and work with highly talented and intelligent professionals. I believe this opportunity if granted will help me break limitations and widen my horizon. Africa is also an emerging economy and as well as being underdeveloped. There are so many opportunities for the application of this knowledge in the computerization of the many sectors of the african economy.

3. I won't be able to pay back because I am unemployed and barely surviving. This is my only opportunity to have access to have a quality education and superior learning I never had due to financial constraints. I hope you consider my application and grant me the opportunity to be  among the elite student of this great learning platform.  